I saw a notice that said "Drink Canada Dry" and I've just started.
A drunk was in front of a judge. The judge says "You've been brought here for drinking." The drunk says "Okay, let's get started."
I've never been drunk, but often I've been over served.
I exercise strong self control. I never drink anything stronger than gin before breakfast.
I drank to drown my pain, but the damned pain learned how to swim, and now I am overwhelmed by this decent and good behavior.
A drink a day keeps the shrink away.
Not everyone who drinks is a poet. Some of us drink because we're not poets.
Actually, it only takes one drink to get me loaded. Trouble is, I can't remember if it's the thirteenth or fourteenth.
I wasn't drunk in Public. I was drunk in a bar. They THREW me into Public.
Alcohol not only expands the blood vessels but also communications.
Alcohol not only helps to make new acquaintances, but also end the old ones.
If only I knew that I will have this headache today, I would have got drunk yesterday.
After the weekend the most difficult task is to remember names… 
I am not an alcoholic. I simply enjoy living in liquid medium.
I became a vegetarian – switched to weed.
By the cup of Nescafé even the most secret thoughts turn into words, and by the bottle of vodka – into actions.
Vodka is our enemy. But who said that we are afraid of our enemies?!
Vodka is our enemy. But who said that we should not keep our enemies close?!
In vino veritas, in vodka spirits.
Trust me, you can dance! -Vodka.
http://justsomething.co/the-20-funniest-drunk-text-fails-ever/
I feel like a pickle torpedo... In a sea of graham cracker crumbs.
Look at all this snow, imagine if it was sand, but still cold, no wait, warm snow. I like the beach.
If I had 47 dragons, I'd give you one but only one.
We need to watch Pulp Fiction. We need to watch ALL of Pulp Fiction. We need to watch ALL OF PUUUULP FICTION.
While giving directions in Chicago - "Walk towards the big building
Me: "Happy birthday" My best friend: "You're welcome.
I've lost the plot. Quick! Help me find it before it thickens!
Me- "How drunk are you?" Him- "On a scale of 1 to Russian, I'm Vladimir Putin."
You need more experience points in your quest meter.
Aww man....and with the price of bananas these days!
This special carrot is worth $50000, but since it's your lucky day you can buy it for $10.
_Was given a water to help sober up, but it fell down._ Friend asks 'Where's the water we gave you?' 'Evaporated'
Where is the floor?!?!?
You know why rum is my favorite? cuz pirates
I'm already eating candy out of my ears, what more do you want from me?!
If I were not a Doberman, Zoidburg, I'd have salad with the sauce.
I'm wasted - but the condom in my wallet doesn't have to be