The first time I saw you, I knew it was true, that I'd love you forever, and that's what I'll do. You don't know what you do to me, you don't have a clue, you don't know what it's like to be, me looking at you.
Today and always, beyond tomorrow, I need you beside me, always as my best friend, lover and forever soul mate.
Everything in life is temporary, because everything changes. That's why it takes great courage to love, knowing it might end anytime but having the faith it will last forever.
If I were in Hell and you were in Heaven, I'd always look up and be proud of you. But, if I were in Heaven and you were in Hell, I'd ask God to send me down, because Heaven isn't Heaven without you.
Your kiss is sweeter than cherries. Your love is more beautiful than a bed of roses. Your touch is stronger than a mountain. Your voice is as calming as the morning birds singing. I am so glad you have chosen me to spend forever with.
With all my heart, and all my soul, I will love you till the winds don't blow. Until the oceans turn to stone, my love is yours and yours alone. My love is forever, until forever's gone.
Baby, I know we are miles and miles away from one another, but I always believed that as long as our souls are connected to each other, the flame of our love will burn forever. Only souls can resist death, our physical connection is meaningless.
When I am with you, I wish I could stop time so I could spend forever with you and never have to leave your company.
You are my soul mate, my sweetheart, you are my dream come true, from now until the end of time I give my heart and soul to you.
Forever I will love you, for there is nothing in this world I want to do but love you and to be with you, now and forever. Till the oceans dry, till the sun dims, I'll still be loving you forever and for eternity.
A precious few are blessed with a love like ours. Even fewer have the strength, passion, and desire required to make that love last an eternity.
If water was a kiss, I'd send you the sea. If a hug was a leaf, I'd send you a tree. If love was forever, I'd send you eternity.
Do you believe in love at first sight? Because when I first saw you, I knew I was going to love you forever.
A true and great love can bear the pain and the longtitude of waiting even if it takes forever.
Forever is never long enough when it's spent with you.