I heard you started out with nothing. Glad to see you still have most of it.
Just like drake, you started from the bottom. Unlike Drake, I see you're still there.
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others. Thank you for being one of them.
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
I'm not saying I hate you, but I'm also not _not_ saying it.
Your mother should have asked the stork for a refund.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'd be glad to make an exception.
I could say nice things about you, but I prefer not to lie.
I'll leave you alone. Darwin will take care of you.
I would engage you in a battle of wits, but I never attack an unarmed foe.
Do you hear that? It's the sound of no one caring.
I see what you're saying, but if I agreed with you then we'd both be wrong.
You are the common denominator in all of your problems. And mine.
I would explain it to you, but I have neither the time nor the crayons.
I don't speak stupid. Could you try English?
Anyone who told you to be yourself couldn't have given you worse advice.
Money talks. All yours says is "Goodbye".
Regular naps prevent old age, especially if you take them while driving.
I heard you used to be indecisive, and that now you aren't so sure.
You and I were happy for twenty years. Then we met.
If I'd killed you sooner I'd be out of prison by now.
Whatever you do, always give 100%. Especially when donating blood.
Your opinion is very important to me. Please remain on the line until it goes to voicemail.
Your super power is making people laugh. Which would be great if you were trying to be funny.
I don't think you act stupid. I'm sure it's the real thing.
I'm glad to see you aren't letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
I never said it was your fault. The blame always goes to the idiot in the room.
You're so fake you make Barbie jealous.
Whatever you're doing, do it tomorrow. You've made enough mistakes for one day.
I see you stopped to think and never started again.
You take away the looks, money, intelligence, charm and success and, really, there's no difference between you and George Clooney.
There's only one problem with your face: I can see it.
I envy everyone that hasn't met you.
Brains aren't everything. In your case that's a good thing.
We all sprang from apes. You just didn't spring far enough.
Remember that time you tried to wake a sleeping bag? Idiot.
Remember that time you were really smart? Yeah, me neither.
Remember that really smart thing you did? Yeah, me neither.
Remember that really useful thing you did? Yeah, me neither.
Remember that really brave thing you did? Yeah, me neither.
Remember that really intelligent thing you did? Yeah, me neither.
The only time you're the smartest person in the room is when you're alone.
I've come across rotting bodies that have more sense than you.
You're so daft you couldn't pour water out of a boot if the instructions were on the sole.
You're dafter than snake mittens.
If ignorance ever goes up to $5 a barrel, I want drilling rights to your head.
If your brain were donated to science, science would return it.
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
You're about as useful as a screen door in a submarine.
You're about as useful as fart in a jacuzzi.
You're about as useful as a pedal-powered wheelchair.
You're about as useful as a carpet-fitter's ladder.
You're about as useful as an underwater hairdryer.
You're about as useful as a fork in a sugar bowl.
You're about as useful as Stephen Hawking's singing lessons.
You're about as useful as a solar-powered flashlight.
You're about as useful as transparent wrapping paper.
You're about as useful as a handbrake on a canoe.
You're about as useful as waterproof teabags.
You're about as useful as an ejector seat in a helicopter.
You're about as useful as a wooden frying pan.
You're about as useful as a trapdoor in a lifeboat.
You're about as useful as an inflatable dartboard.
You're about as useful as lips on a woodpecker.
You're about as useful as a concrete parachute.
You're about as useful as tits on a nun.
You're about as useful as a wet match in a wind tunnel.
You're about as useful as a kickstand on a horse.
You're about as useful as a mint-flavoured suppository.
You're about as useful as a chocolate teapot.
You're about as useful as a stained glass window in an outhouse.
You're about as useful as air brakes on a turtle.
You're about as useful as a self-help book for defeatists.
You're about as useful as a left-handed baseball bat.
You're about as useful as a cubic marble.
You're about as useful as spherical dice.
You're about as useful as a helicopter wolf.
You're about as useful as an SDET.
You're about as useful as a software developer.
You're about as useful as a Kardashian.
You're about as useful as a glass hammer.
You're about as useful as a keg in a nunnery.
You're about as useful as a condom in the Vatican.
You're about as useful as a barnacle on the ship of progress.
You're about as useful as a spit valve on a cello.
You're about as useful as green stop lights.
You're about as useful as a top hat with pockets.
You're about as useful as a fur-lined walking stick.
You're about as useful as an inflatable cheese knife.
You're about as useful as bookends down a well.
You're about as useful as dinosaur repellent.
You're about as useful as the reverse gear on a lawnmower.
You're about as worn out as a cucumber in a convent.
Talking to you is like trying to fit a CD in a floppy drive.
The bats have left your belfry, and now you're all alone.
You've got both oars in the water, but on the same side of the boat.
You my friend were born in the wrong era - you'd be a great Neanderthal.
You're as bright as a Zippo without a flint.
You are a black-and-white mind working on a colour-coded problem.
You have a face that was made for radio.
You are a butter knife in a prime-rib world.
You have a lot of pride with little to be proud of.
Don't talk to me, you logically defunct twit.
You are a person of rare intelligence. You rarely show any.
You have a one-bit brain with a parity error.
You have a natural talent for finding subliminal messages in ice cubes.
You are a minefield of information.
In a world of pigeons, you are a statue.
In a sea of ice bergs, you are the Titanic.
You are a living example of how dinosaurs survived with walnut-sized brains.
Don't talk to me you waste of skin.
Shut your festering gob you tit.
Somewhere, there is a tree that is tirelessly producing oxygen for you to breathe. You owe it an apology.
You're just a windup clock without a key.
Are you afraid you'll void the warranty if you think to much?
You my dear are all belt and no trousers.
You my dear are all foam and no beer.
You my dear are all hammer and no nail.
You my dear are all icing and no cake.
You my dear are all the notes and none of the music.
You my dear are all wax and no wick.
You my dear are all foliage and no fruit.
You my dear are all Preparation and no H.
Why don't you go sharpen your sleeping skills.
Go alphabetize your junk mail.
You're talking but all I hear is white noise.
How can I miss you if you don't go away.
Will you go away if I pretend that I'll miss you?
Your presence is no longer needed. In fact it never was.
Do me a favour? Run away and never return.
I need your help. Can you go away forever?
Do me a favour? Leave.
Here's a thought: Why don't I stay here while you leave forever.
As an outsider, what are your thoughts on the human race?
It's you! The missing link! Quick, show yourself to Darwin.
Any similarity between you and a human being is purely coincidental.
You're as focused as a fart.
Were you dropped on your head as a baby?
You're as strong as an ox and as dumb as two.
You couldn't code your way out of a for-loop.
You would qualify as a houseplant if you learned to photosynthesize.
You have all the depth and complexity of a puddle.
I envy you. You will never have to worry about what to do with excess knowledge.
In the race of life, you placed eighth out of seven.
You're as annoying as the fool who clicks "Reply All" to an email that says "Do Not Reply".
Did you fall out of your family tree?
There's enough sawdust between your hears to bed an elephant.
Even a two-button mouse gives you too many options.
Did you evolve from a toxic waste dump?
Don't worry. You can't lose your marbles if you never had any to begin with.
You're full of wisdumb.
I hear you got a life and are unsure what to do with it.
If brains were silk, there wouldn't be enough material to make a hat for a canary.
If brains were bird droppings, you'd have a clean cage.
If brains were chocolate, yours wouldn't fill an M&M.
If brains were leather, yours wouldn't saddle a flea.
If brains were water, yours couldn't baptise a flea.
If brains were taxed, you'd get a rebate.
If you did any less you'd stop breathing.
If you had another brain cell, it'd be lonely.
If you had a lobotomy you'd depressurize.
If you were any brighter you still wouldn't be in the visible spectrum.
True happiness for me would be seeing your face on a milk carton.
I hear a thought crossed your mind. It must have been a long and lonely journey.
I heard you had a thought, and that it died of loneliness.
In the marathon of life, you tripped over the starting line.
My condolences. I hear you have a terminal case of "dumb-ass".
I hear you have delusions of adequacy. Please allow me to squash them.
I have seen you tossing bread crumbs to helicopters.
You've set up your headquarters where your hindquarters should be.
In a world of chow mein, you brought only one chopstick.
I see you have nothing to say but that you delight in saying it.
Please take your brain off of cruise control.
Please take your brain out of park.
You have two brains. One is lost, and the other is looking for it.
You came, you saw, you wasted my time.
You're so dense light bends around you.
Your brain comes with single-bit error detection and half-assed error correction.
Your gene pool could use a better filter.
Your learning curve is fractal.
Your lint trap is full.
Your lists have come unlinked.
Your wheels are turning but you're upside down.
Your data bus stops at red lights.
You look well... fed.
Your grey matter is brown.
I like to learn from other people's mistakes. You have been a great teacher.
If your brain were any slower it would rust.
If you were a domino you'd be double blank.
If stupidity hurt you'd be on morphine.
If I called you a wit I'd be half right.
It's so nice to see you taking pride in your ignorance.
Please continue. I always yawn when I'm interested.
I hear scientists wish to study the black hole between your ears.
Wow, was it you that inspired the slogan "A mind is a terrible thing to waste"?
In the pinball game of life, your flippers are broken.
Wow, I've never seen a brain that was still in mint condition.
Your intelligence level is somewhere between pet rock and egg white.
You make a black hole look bright.
You don't have enough brain cells for Prozac to be effective.
You're less of a "has been" and more of a "won't be".
In a sea full of sharks, you're a wounded seal.
If you put a lens in each of your ears, you'd be a great telescope.
Your brain is so slow it speeds up to stop.
Did someone give you a penny for your thoughts? Because I will give you two to shut up.
I see you're still struggling up the evolutionary ladder.
I heard you studied for a blood test - and failed.
The twinkle in your eye is actually the sun shining between your ears.
If we doubled your IQ you'd still be dumb as dirt.
There is intelligent life on this planet. You aren't it.
You look like you'd enjoy a spacewalk. Here, let me hold your helmet.Shall I compare thee to a wet mop?
We're swimming in boredom and you're handing out anchors.
Your head is only good for keeping the rain off of your neck.
You're about as wise as the world is flat.